hello welcome back to melanin talks oh
wow okay okay so if y'all don't know I'm
Ashley and I'm Cheryl and we have a new
video for you all but before we begin
pump your brakes
what do they need to do Cheryl you need
to subscribe for a second but you do
need to subscribe right down there just
click that button you know what to do
it's not that hard like it takes one
second
[Music]
click the Bell all right so I am happy
to announce that Cheryl has really you
know kind of laid the path for wigs in
this household even though I introduced
her to hit the million she took it and
she made her her own I and I I really am
inspired by her to just do more with my
hair and my wigs but that's not gonna
happen so that's why she's doing this
video because she has gained a lot of
knowledge in the way community
especially in the full lace that whole
thing she's just gonna do a wig review
for you today so she has so many she
Bowl yeah she definitely has more and
she made it but in like a different type
of wigs yeah she does different and
we're gonna do like a wing SWAT video
cuz ours are definitely not they're not
the same then we're excited for that
video yeah yeah I already have the
perfect for you I'm well see ya we got
we're gonna get that video for you but
for now I'm just going to be reviewing
the hair creepy wigs which has turned
into like my official company that I buy
from
cuz before I just used to make my wigs
with bundles and my mom used to do that
but now I just buy them so um this
videos gonna be a treat for you guys so
stay tuned and we will get started
alright that's my version of a truth I
gotta stop trying to make transitions
myself I'm done that's it take it away
[Music]
alright guys so this is going to be a
little bit different than most Wiig
videos because usually people just show
you like an unboxing and then a
one-month review two months reviewing
cetera but I kind of have like a lot I
could do with this one because I have
three weeks from them this one that I'm
wearing I've had for three weeks and
then I have one that I've had for about
three months as well as one that I
haven't even worn yet it is still in the
box so let's start with unboxing the
first one so all of your wigs come like
this mainly I like the box is very sleek
I got mine a little dirty but whatever
it's very sleek and nice and this great
packaging just in general and in the box
you have this nice gift wrap which I
just essentially ruined um then you have
your wig you get a wig cap which I
opened yeah I opened this one I'm sorry
you get like these wig caps sometimes
they give you your shade other times
they don't and then they come it comes
with a comb which I think I also opened
I'm trash you guys and then it also
comes with these little clips it comes
with your order and then it comes with
this card that says if you post on
YouTube and Instagram or Facebook you
get $20 back which is good it's just
kind of sensitive but yeah so one of the
wigs I bought not the one I'm wearing
but this one I bought which is very
popular online and it's the suryya
highlight Sariah highlight waves virgin
brazilian hair i only buy brazilian hair
they sell Indian here on the website and
Indian hair it's cheaper but I like my
weeks to last long and I want to use
them as long as possible so here's this
Arroyo Inc I'm not gonna put it on but
this is what it looks like off the bat I
really liked it because I like the color
one of the reasons why I started wearing
wigs was because I didn't want to
experiment with
my own hair my hair is just like it
doesn't do well when it comes to heat or
coloring I don't want to try it so I'm
like let's just get a wig instead so
this is it and this is like the hairline
I don't know if you can see it's kind of
hard to get to see ya it's but anyway
it's a lace front wig so this is what
the inside looks like so this is the
lace part and they bleach the knot which
was why I really like this company I'm
not gonna wigs at all in terms of
customizing it but they this company
already bleaches the knot for you and
they pre pluck it so it looks like a
natural hair line
do you see sometimes they do over bleach
and I'm gonna talk about that a little
later but it's really nice it comes with
a rubber band and then it also comes
with combs to make sure that it's snug
on your head and it really is and I also
like this little back part cuz you can
wear it all the pony tails if you want
but yeah so this is this right way and
just it feels soft it's nice to run my
coat my fingers through it it was
supposed to be wavy but I got a little
messed up in the box and I really like
the color of it I can't wait to wear it
I'm not gonna wear it until probably the
spring time because I need to braid my
hair down for it and I don't feel like
paying someone to braid my hair so great
here
I'm not used to doing these videos by
myself so Ashley usually keeps me on
topic and as you can tell I'm like a
little off of it so that was that way
the current wig I'm wearing right now
I've also bought along with that wig but
this was just the one that I decided to
put on it is the Ciara sexy celebrity
natural wave lace wigs and it's a full
lace wig that I got I wanted to try this
one I've had their 360s I just showed
you their lace front I really want to
try this one to see if it would be a
better fit and I truly love it
I have a weird head I don't know if you
guys experienced this but the way my
hairline set up is like my hairline can
start like probably right here my
natural hair like but for some reason
like my edges are a little bit closer to
my eyebrows for some reason and that
makes it very hard for putting on wigs
because most people wherever their
hairline starts just continues to go
down like that but mine is like so it
makes it very hard when it comes to like
buying wigs because I don't know who
will properly fit it and especially with
this company that cream it I don't
know if they're gonna they're gonna
pluck it too much on the sides when I
need a little more just so I can make
the loop-de-loops or whatever but I
really like this wig
this is what it looks like up close I
don't know tell the partings it's not
glued so
and I don't usually wear it like this I
never really wear it like this I always
wear it to one side but I just wanted to
be able to show you guys the parting of
it and also what it looked like the
hairline of it I really love this wig
this was the first week that I got from
them that actually fit the sides of my
hair well decided not so much but this
side does a really good job and I can
cover it up and I don't have to put it
like right here on my forehead just for
it to cover up this side this week
though I bought it because it was
supposed to be this nice like wavy hair
like not kinda like the loose wave at
least from what the pictures were on the
website but this is it in its natural
state after being washed and everything
and as you can tell it's not that a wavy
and when it does like dry it kind of
drives like a body wave type of style
which is fine but that's just not what I
ordered it for I don't like straight
hair - the seraya wig so usually when I
buy a hair or wear here I wear it in a
textured to stay at wavy state but this
one I'm just gonna probably have to
straight in because it just doesn't look
that nice like I mean this is kind of a
nice wave right here but like the
majority of it is not that nice and the
texture is really interesting it's not
as silky as when I first got it what
after I washed it which is just a little
different from the other we're going to
talk about but I like it's not bad I
like the hairline I like a good that I
could do multiple things with it I don't
want to take it off to show you but this
is the full laced one so it's like lace
for about here and then it's the
stretchy part so there's no real sewing
or knitting and it fits my head well and
I don't have to braid down my hair like
I would with the surah or my other
whip to put it on because it can just
fit on my head it's like stretching it I
like that I have a really I have a
really big head I don't know if some of
you guys deal with this I think my head
would be like
three the circumference so this
definitely helps with like this week is
perfect for my head and I really love
this week and I think I'm only gonna buy
fully Suites from them which is kind of
a lot more expensive but so altogether
with the ceramic was 268 dollars because
I got the Brazilian virgin hair and then
this natural wig the Sierra sexy
celebrity style natural wave lace wig
was 343 dollars because I got it in 18
inches oh yeah by the way this is 18
inches and I got the 150 density and I
got a Foley's now my last week this was
my first wig that I bought from them and
I've had it for I bought it in September
three months yeah
it's the body wave on 360 lace front so
that's the 360 part and then in the
middle are this to change the stitching
is really nice it's a little wet so it
might look dark the stitches are really
nice you could tell this is like machine
it's the body wave here and I actually
expected it to dry like this but as you
can see it's a lot wavier and this is
what I wanted when I bought this weight
I was like oh this is gonna look just
like this but it did it but I love this
hair because I could wear it it's wavy
state and it looks so nice in the cursor
like amazingly and this was a
body wave hair so I wasn't expecting it
to curl up like this but it is doing it
so